hard ware summary for sensor holder and backwheel holder


The specifications for the sensor holders needed to be sturdy as well as recyclable.
The idea of the sensor was to be mounted right behind the two front wheels but over look them in order to get an accurate
reading. The design that was decided was a simple L bracket it met the specifications and was quick to print. The 
final design can be seen in an .STL format below. The L bracket provides a stable and functional holder for the
infrared sensor and it perfectly fitted on the robot making for a good simple design. The sensor holder on the 
front was made from one of the printed sensor holders and part of an L bracket that was salvaged from an unsuccessful
print it turn out to be really great and worked extremely well providing as a stable support for the sensor.

Sensor Holder Final design:
https://github.com/harryJst/AVCTeam3/blob/master/Hardware/Lbracket.stl

The back wheel holder part for the robot had two main specifications, functionality and recyclability.
We needed a recyclable wheel that provides a frictionless surface as possible which was.

The first back wheel that was used when we started testing during quadrant was the default and we soon 
realised that the default back wheel was causing problems. The first phase of the back wheel design was 
four screws holding a marble even though it was better than the default wheel it had too much friction and it
was causing it to lock up and not move and the back unable to move at all. After this is when the design for
the 3D printed wheel came in. The back wheel holder had to hold a marble in place and allow it to roll
freely with minimal friction. It also had to be small enough so that the robot was at an even height. 
The final 3d printed design had 5 small nobs on the inside of a hollow sphere to minimise friction it worked
very well and provided the expected functionality and was easily fitted to the base of the robot. A model of
the wheel holder can be seen below on the Git Hub. 

Final back wheel design mesh: 
https://github.com/harryJst/AVCTeam3/blob/master/Hardware/mesh_to_print_wheel.stl          
